[repo] Remove CircleCI (#9972)
expo/expo: guides/Releasing Expo Go for Android.md

    **Why:** So that developers who used `expo-cli` to download Expo Go to their devices can download the update.

    **How:**

>     - Open GitHub Checks for the release branch and go to the `Android Client / build` workflow. Once it's finished, run `et wd client-android-simulator` and follow that workflow run which takes and uploads the client APK to staging.

Reviewer: Since we use GitHub Actions, `client-android-simulator` also runs the actual build (not just uploads the artifact from the job before approval as in CircleCI), so now there is no need to track GitHub checks before dispatching the workflow.

```suggestion
    - Run `et workflow-dispatch client-android-simulator` and follow that workflow run which builds Expo Go for simulator and uploads the APK to staging.
```

    - Test if this APK works as expected. Connect Android device to your computer or open up an emulator and then run expotools command `et client-install -p android` to install and launch an APK.
    - When you're ready to sync the versions change to production, run `et promote-versions`.

5. **Submit the application to Play Store**

    **Why:** So that our users that downloaded Expo Go from Play Store can update easily.

>     **How:** Run `et wd client-android-release` which releases the APK to Play Store. About 45 minutes later the update should be downloadable via Play Store.

Reviewer: I'd prefer using full names of expotools commands in docs, guides and CI workflows. Then it's more clear what the command that you copy-paste does. Aliases are mostly for people more familiar with expotools 😉 

```suggestion
    **How:** Run `et workflow-dispatch client-android-release` which releases the APK to Play Store. About 45 minutes later the update should be downloadable via Play Store.
```
